[MUSIC PLAYING]
I've had 35 years of
experience in doing research
into the subject of
ESP, metaphysics,
paranormal realities,
alternate forms
of matter and energy research.
This is a subject that has
come up over and over again
and has become
increasingly apparent to us
in the recent disclosures
of Edward Snowden.
What we are finding
is that reality
is not as simple as we thought.
Reality is a story.
It is only a story that we
think is true because everyone
is telling the story.
And yet, is it possible
that reality is only a story
being sold by the power groups?
A story that is sold
to us in particular
to keep us under their control.
In my opinion, reality is
the greatest story ever sold.
What we find out is
that reality is defined
by the voice of the collective,
what everyone around us
is saying.
This includes our
parents, our teachers,
our friends, and our coworkers.
The people we surround
ourselves with every day
define for us the voice
of the collective.
And that becomes reality.
It's a story that
everyone passes around.
And we believe that it's
true because everyone
else thinks that it's true.
And it becomes a
common knowledge.
But people are repeating
the common knowledge.
And in many cases, we
always use the word "they"
without citing a
particular source.
Did you hear that they said
that if you take aspirin,
you're less likely to
have a heart attack?
Once you start
using the word they,
there is the automatic
presumption of truth.
It is understood that they
are correct, that they
have defined reality for us.
And then we assume that
we don't need to ask
any additional questions.
So who are they?
What is this concept?
Why do we use this word with
such blind, childlike trust?
It seems naive when
you think about it.
Most people are not used to
actually citing sources of all.
Most people use the
term they and just
automatically assume that
it means that whatever
they're saying is correct.
And everyone says,
oh, that's right.
They said it.
It must be right.
One of the basic forms
of they are governments.
It's very recent
that we are actually
questioning our government
to the extent that we do now.
The Watergate
scandal really blew
that whole thing wide open.
These actions--
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER): But
governments for a long time
were believed to be
trustworthy, loyal,
and honorable protectors
of our society.
That has very much changed.
Institutions are another
form of the they.
Institutions can include
schools, universities,
hospitals, medical
establishments, everything
you can think of,
including churches
and religious organizations.
Those groups also can claim
the power of the word day,
so that when these
groups make a statement,
we assume that it must be true.
TV ANNOUNCER (VOICEOVER): What
cigarette do you smoke, doctor?
Why not change to Camels?
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
Another simple and obvious
form of they is public figures.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
We trust the people
that we see on television.
who we see every day,
even if we've never
met them in person.
They're put out
there in front of us.
And we assume that the
reason why they're out there
is that there was an honorable
system involved in bringing
them to power that
has led to them
becoming trustworthy figures.
This, of course, also
has crumbled noticeably.
Our institutions have collapsed.
And we are left
with a very, very
different view of the
credibility of public figure
at this time.
Television networks another
classic example of the they
that was working so well
for us for such a long time.
We assumed that if it's
on TV, it must be true.
And if it's not on
TV, it can't be true.
That has fallen apart
too thanks to the power
of the internet,
which is uncensored,
unregulated communication.
But for a long time,
television networks defined
the voice of the collective.
And they could define reality.
I really want to make it clear
that the story of real truth
is much more profound, much
more interesting, much more
powerful, and much more
exciting than the story
that "they," the voice
of the collective,
have been telling us is true.
We also see Hollywood movies
being a key structuring force
in the voice of the collective.
Notice too that
there is a tendency
towards cognitive dissonance.
That means two different
things that your mind
is trying to hold as if both
of them were equally true.
And then in so trying to
reconcile those two things,
neither one of them
seemed to be true.
And the whole thing
gets phased out.
So the subject UFOs
is a classic example.
Look at the number
of Hollywood movies
that blatantly talk about
UFOs as if they were true
and laugh at people
who think they must
be swamp gas or lights
in the sky or weather
balloon, cetera, et cetera.
Think about what's
happening here
in the difference between
Hollywood movies, which have
been talking about UFOs
almost since the beginning
with the original Kenneth
Arnold sightings and the Roswell
crash, and what has happened
with all the other forms
of the authorities.
Government, institutions, public
figures, television networks,
all of these
collective voices have
consistently denied the reality
of extraterrestrial life.
Now, when you can consider
what has happened recently
with Edward Snowden,
that was knowledge
that we didn't have before.
But the surveillance very
much was happening before.
As a result, just because
"they" didn't tell you
that your phone was
being tapped didn't
mean that it was being tapped.
It was being tapped.
We know this.
This is something that's
gone on for a long time.
Newspapers, magazines,
and print media
is the last big category of
the voice of the collective,
the voice of the they.
And remember now, this was
a tightly regulated industry
as well.
Ben Bagdikian reported that
there were in fact only six
corporations running
all of the media
that was being consumed by most
people in the Western world.
That includes television shows,
movies, newspapers, magazines,
everything you can think of.
And now that number has
actually been reduced to five.
So it appears when
you watch television
that there are all
these different choices,
and you can channel surf.
But in fact, there's only a very
small number of corporations
that have a series of
media conglomerates
that have different umbrellas
and different network names.
But those network names
do not mean they are owned
by different companies at all.
Then there is a possibility for
centralized control over all
of these institutions, all
of these media outlets,
and in fact, governments
and institutions as well.
This is where the story
gets very interesting.
So we really need to
start asking ourselves
some tough questions here.
Is it possible that reality
is so different than what we
think it has been up until now?
Is it possible that
we have been sold
a story, that we have been to
told lies for a very long time?
The next question we need to
ask ourselves is simply what if.
What if we are not
alone in this universe?
What if reality is much more
interesting and much more
comprehensive than we ever could
have possibly thought before?
Those questions do not need to
come to us in a fearful way.
Those questions can come to
us in a natural, organic form,
so that we can handle the truth.
You can't handle the truth.
You can handle the truth
and the secret to handling
the truth is to understand
that we live in a benevolent
universe.
That there are
positive forces looking
out for our greater good.
And that none of this stuff
that I'm going to be telling you
is scary.
In fact, by releasing the truth
and releasing this information,
we are creating a better
world for ourselves
and for our children.
And that is really the key.
That is why I'm doing this.
I'm doing this to
free us from fear
and to transform the
planet, because there
is a great deal
of negativity that
is happening in this world.
And in many ways, we live
in a suicidal culture.
We're using up
natural resources.
We're burning down the planet.
And yet, these control groups
that have maintained power
for so long consistently
refused to listen
to what the people want.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
These people in power
are lying and lying and lying.
People got to know whether or
not their president's a crook.
Well, I'm not a crook.
I did not send that tweet.
My system was hacked.
I was pranked.
I did not have sexual
relations with that woman.
Read my lips.
No new taxes.
And lying is just a standard
practice of doing business.
It's not seen is any big deal.
It's just part of the
story that they tell.
And when they get
caught in a lie,
they admit it, but only
after they've been caught.
So you don't need to be
afraid of what is going on.
You don't need to be
afraid of the fact
that you've been lied to.
But again, they are not
going to tell you the truth
anytime soon.
And part of the reason
why is that they are using
fear as their business model.
Now that might be a
little bit shocking.
But actually, once
you think about it,
it's very easy to understand.
I'm Bret Baier in Washington.
And this is a Fox News Alert.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
Fear is a business model.
Because in the case of the
media, if it bleeds, it leads.
They already know what
they're looking for.
They're looking for
sensational headlines.
people to pay attention.
How do you get people
to pay attention?
You reach out to
their primal urges.
DAVID WILCOCK
(VOICEOVER): Sex and death
are the two main things that
attract people's attention.
There's a primal need
that we have to see sex
and to see death.
We are attracted to these
things because it gets
our nervous system stimulated.
In fact, the reason
why I coined the term
fear porn, which is now
widely used on the internet,
is because when you're exposed
to something that causes fear,
it stimulates your whole
body in a very similar
manner as sexual arousal.
In fact, the same centers
of the brain are triggered.
Pleasure centers are kicked off.
You also get this
rush of adrenaline.
And in fact, I was
talking to Sperry Andrews.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
And he worked in Bosnia.
And there were men who were
gunners, who were saying
that killing people was such
a big high for them, shooting
people with these
mounted machine guns that
have a huge blast, they actually
enjoyed killing more than sex.
So Sperry Anders was saying,
how do we change the story?
How do we get
people to appreciate
the positive as much as they
now appreciate the negative?
I can't just blame the
authorities for this.
The reason why this fear as a
business model works so well
is that all of us to varying
degrees are in fear and pain
at all times.
So when we see fear
outside of ourselves,
it makes us feel more
relaxed because now we have
something to put our fear onto.
We have something to blame
for why we feel this way.
The biggest industry on Earth
that is generating profit
is defense spending.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
Even conservatively,
when you look at the actual
United States defense budget,
it's over $700 billion.
That's billion with a "b."
So you to understand that
the business model requires
that defense spending continue.
It requires that we
never be free from fear,
because anything that reduces
fear would also reduce profit.
It's a very cynical way of
thinking compared to someone
who runs an ice cream shop.
All he's trying to
do is sell ice cream.
Not so when you're in
the defense industry.
In that case, your
product is fear.
Your product is war.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
In order to have a war,
you have to have people
afraid of each other
so they want to
fight each other.
And then they will hand over
their power and their authority
to the government.
So the government is then
responsible for giving them
the protection that they
feel they need to free
them from that sense of fear.
So defense spending involves
such a high profit margin,
that there is a great
industry involved
in keeping that fear going.
Why wouldn't that industry
want to control the media?
Think about that.
Why wouldn't they
want to have the reins
of power over the media?
Now here's the thing,
what you may not realize
is that all of these companies
are in bed with each other.
Defense companies, financial
industries, oil companies,
pharmaceutical companies,
and media, they all share
members of the
board of directors.
They all are sharing
controlling interests
in each other's companies.
This was discovered
by a study that
was done by the Swiss Federal
Institute of Technology
led by Dr. James Glattfelder.
They went through a
list of over 40,000
transnational
corporations in one
of the largest databases
that's ever been put
together of these corporations.
This is Orbis 2007
is what they used.
So what did we
find after computing
all this network control?
Well, it turns out that
the 737 top shareholders
have the potential
to collectively
control 80% of the TNCs value.
They did a meta-analysis using
supercomputer number crunching.
And what they found
ultimately once you boil
it all down is that there
are only 147 corporations
controlling the world.
And yet those 147 corporations
own a majority stake
in all the industries of
the world to such an extent
that fully 80% of the money
that is being made in the world
is flowing into these
147 corporations
and their subsidiaries.
And the top 50 of
these 147 corporations
are financial industries
for the most part.
2/3 of them are.
DAVID WILCOCK (VOICEOVER):
And at the very, very top
of the list, we have
all the big banks
that you are familiar with.
So there is a central
power group that
is manipulating the strings.
And the NSA disclosures
are only one small part
of what has been going on.
Another very important
point to remember here
is that if there is
one group in charge,
if there is actually one
management structure at the top
of the pyramid,
so to speak, then
bear in mind, that
the existing power
groups do not want any challenge
to their business model.
They want to keep
on doing business.
everything stable.
And that means, as I've just
told you with the Swiss Federal
Institute of
Technology study, they
want to continue controlling
80% of the income
that there is to be
generated from the world.
So they become our gods.
That is another very
important point that we
should never lose track of.
When they control
the media, they
control reality,
because they are
controlling what we believe.
By controlling belief, they are
literally manipulating the laws
of the universe in their favor.
Reality to a certain degree
is a function of the observer.
This has been proven on
the quantum physics level.
But it also holds true
on the macroscopic level,
much more than we realize.
In the absence of
any god, the leaders
become a replacement for God.
That's another very
important point.
This power group may have
succinctly trimmed off
all the pieces of
the story that lead
to the idea of a supreme being.
They haven't stopped religions
from being practiced.
But there is a very derogatory
view of religions in television
shows and in movies.
And, of course, the
scientific community,
whether through deliberate
intent or willful ignorance,
has felt as if spirituality as
a whole is a complete throwaway.
It's laughable.
And it's ridiculous.
I don't believe
that's true at all.
In fact, one of the overarching
principles of this show
is that we are going
through a massive quantum
shift in human evolution.
And that there is scientific
proof for that that
is being very carefully
and assiduously
suppressed by this power group.
If you keep people
in fear, you also
keep them obedient and servile.
This is another very
interesting and relevant point.
Fear is useful for
the power group,
because fear allows them
to maintain control.
No one wants to rise up.
No one wants to challenge them.
And of course, with
NSA surveillance,
they can listen in on people's
conversations, on their emails,
on all the different forms
of written and spoken
communication that are going
on and find out who is rippling
things, who is causing trouble.
But now, thanks to
be internet, they
have not been able to
maintain control anymore.
So many people are
talking about this stuff,
that they simply can't
afford to harass them,
to intimidate
them, even to stage
fake suicide assassinations.
That's not going
to happen anymore.
There's too many people
who know the truth.
So the Cabal, this insider
group I've been speaking of,
they're scared.
They are not the
gods of our society.
We are taking the power back.
We are reclaiming our freedom.
And we demand of the truth.
I want you to demand
the truth with me.
And I want you to do
that by supporting
and watching this program.
Some secrets may be valuable.
But beyond a certain point, when
very, very substantial aspects
of our reality and our universe
are being kept hidden from us,
that is a problem.
That is not a good thing.
That should not be seen
as a beneficial thing
for national security.
I'm not going to
wait around anymore.
I don't want to be standing
here with my hands in my pants,
whistling, and
hoping that someday
the government is going
to tell us the truth
about what's really going on.
We need the truth now.
Publicity is protection.
That's one of the things
I want to say right now.
And having someone on the show
is actually safer for them
than if they remain
hidden and quiet.
Once you've decided that
you want to tell the truth,
once you've decided
that you want
to get the truth out there,
you need to come forward.
You have an opportunity
with this show
to get your voice out,
to tell us the truth,
and to give us the
knowledge that we need.
I'm David Wilcock.
And as always, I thank
you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]